2521: update documentation about allocations (#2299)
DFE-Digital/get-help-with-tech: docs/who_will_order_devices.md

# Who will order devices

> DfE managers of the GHwT programme allocate a certain number of devices (laptops and routers) to each school in the programme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DfE policy allocates a certain number of devices (laptops and routers) to each school in the GHwT programme.
```

> For children to obtain and benefit the use of those devices, some authorized users (either school users or some from the school's responsible body) need to order those devices via the supplier's portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For children to obtain and benefit from the use of those devices, some authorized users (either school users or a user from the school's responsible body) need to order those devices via the supplier's portal.
```

Currently Computacenter's TechSource website.

What users are authorized to place devices orders for a given school?

Each school has a field (`who_will_order_devices`) to save the organisation (either `school` or `responsible_body`) responsible for orders and device management for that school.
This field can only be populated with one of those two values or leave it unset. 

When no value is set (value remains `nil`), the organization responsible for managing devices for that school is determined by the Responsible Body (RB) that school is associated to.

RBs set a default value for these schools on their field `default_who_will_order_devices_for_schools`. Similarly to `School#who_will_order_devices`, this field can only store `school` or `responsible_body` as possible values.

Therefore, the authorised users able to place orders for the devices allocated to a school are:

- Those from the organization set by the school.
- In case no value is set by the school, the default value set by the responsible body will apply.

> - Also, it is technically possible to have both fields unset, (meaning `a decision is yet to be made`) though none of the schools currently in the programme are left unset like that.

Reviewer: Maybe add a date in brackets for "currently"
